#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass paper
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2.54cm
\topmargin 2.54cm
\rightmargin 2.54cm
\bottommargin 2.54cm
\headheight 0cm
\headsep 2.54cm
\footskip 0cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Project CODENAME
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\noindent
\begin_inset CommandInset line
LatexCommand rule
offset "0.5ex"
width "100col%"
height "1pt"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Part*
Payload
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Tech
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
[insert dia diagram graphic]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Software
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Parachute/Lines
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part*
Ground Support and Weather
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Project CODENAME has two independent methods of predicting both the weather
 patterns and potential flight path of the payload for any given day.
 These methods have already been tested and determined be be 95% accurate,
 and several ideal launch dates have already been determined.
 Data collected from the payload will be serialized and saved on the microSD
 drive.
 A program will be used to deserialize this data.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part*
Legal
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The design of Project CODENAME complies with all applicable FCC, FAA, and
 NSA regulations.
 Project CODENAME currently has direct ties to the offices of Congresswoman
 Kristi Noem; this is expected to greatly simplify the process of negotiating
 the launch with the FAA.
 Project CODENAME is expected to have two HAM Radio licensed members.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
